# eviction-addresses

This repo contains a data-entry dashboard, as well as an API to
facilitate the collection and validation of eviction addresses from
OSCN.

## Scheduled Runs

We have created scheduled triggers to call the /refresh and /hydrate
endpoints on the API periodically. The /refresh endpoint searches for
new eviction cases and their associated documents in the database. It
also gathers minutes from previosuly collected cases, since documents
are uploaded to OSCN as a case progresses. These records are entered
into the case and document tables in the eviction_addresses schema.
Next, the queue table is cleansed of jobs that have already been
completed. New cases with at least one document are then added to the
queue.

This is a long process, so care must be taken to ensure timeouts do not
occur. A timeout of at least 20 minutes is recommended. The timeout is
defined in seconds within the build yaml generated by the build R files
in the root of this repo.

## Address Validation, Verification, and Geocoding

We use Postgrid as our address verification service. We are billed per
address, so only use the live Postgrid API key when you need to, not for
testing.

## Deploy

Deployment occurs to either the testing or production environments when
you push code to the dev or main branch on Github, respectively.

This is made possible by Google Cloud Build Triggers. Currently the
trigger is enabled manually, then created in the build and build_test
files using {googleCloudRunner}.
